Meet all ethnic groups
Are you mistaken?
How can I be your young master?
Young Master, do you still remember the old man you saved?
He's your grandfather.
Then you just
Why please forgive me
We didn't identify ourselves just now.
It's because the ancestor wants to test your character
Test heart
Well, you passed the test.
From now on
The Sword Immortal Palace is based on name
Heaven and earth are honored by name
I just want to talk about the child's heat
I didn't expect to be inhabited by you at least until now
Play with color
Hahahaha
Hmph, this kind of money is fine
What are you trying to do without context?
Even if you work hard for a lifetime, you can save enough
You can't
My daughter casually makes a million dollars for a piece of jewelry
Why did you marry me?
What unity do you want?
What does he have?
The rich compare with the powerful
Xie Shao is the son of the governor
In southern Xinjiang, the Xie family is heaven
He has money and can't compare with the Xie family
Compared to an electric stove
So I'm the inferior
It's not even as good as labor